hey guys what's goin on DJ has here
wanted to bring you guys a top 5 tips
video on how to avoid buying high
quality fakes alright so here's a little
introduction to the video and why I'm
doing it high quality fakes are out
there we know this i'm making this video
to help protect those that do not want
to be scanned into buying high quality
fakes when they're trying to purchase
authentic shoes if you buy sneakers with
the intent to get fixed it's one thing
but if you are tricked into buying fix
that our past is real than that is what
i'm here to try to avoid and these are
going to be my top five tips number 5 by
on or after official release dates now
you can get an idea of when the official
releases are from websites like
nicekicks kicksonfire modern notoriety
there's a lot of complex there's a whole
bunch of sites that actually have
official release dates on them but pay
attention to these dates on these sites
to get an idea when the shoe actually
drops and this leads us right into the
number for tip which is where to
actually end up buying these sneakers
and make sure you buy from authorized
businesses such as finish line in
footlocker and whatnot it is also very
important that you follow these sites on
twitter because that is how they send
the information for the releases to the
general public you'll get the specific
time date and the link to the actual
product that you're usually after and
it's the the easiest way to make sure
you can get a chance at getting the shoe
upon its release them doesn't guarantee
you a pickup but if you don't end up
following this processing you just go to
the site some random time the next day
of a release chances are that you will
already be sold out depending on what
you're actually looking for so these are
just beginner tips i know these are very
very beginner tips but it's important to
know the official releases of the shoes
that you're trying to get to make sure
that you're not getting ones from the
back door or from areas that maybe not
be one hundred percent official and that
actually will tie into the next tip that
i have here coming up but um but yeah
definitely focus on the main sites
that's you know or nike authorized i
usually go through nike store calm
personally that's my favorite one tip
number three if you miss a release and
are buying on the open market know the
seller's history this is very important
when you're trying to buy products
especially stuff like this the easy to
etc and by open market i mean ebay
craigslist
online sneaker groups whatever it might
be wherever you're trying to get your
sneakers it's important to know your
actual history of the person that you're
into buying the sneaker from do legit
checks on them if it's on a Facebook
group do legit checks if it's if it's on
ebay make sure that they have good
selling history so definitely check
their feedback make sure that they just
didn't start a new account such as this
person right here you can see that they
have zero feedback on this seller right
here I would completely avoid this
seller because zero feedback on a
high-dollar item like this and and for a
price that's questionable even at that
because we all know that the users are
more expensive than that this was a red
flag and I'd say avoid I'm moving on to
the number 2 tip if it is available
early do you know that they are 100%
authentic now i'm sure a lot of you guys
are aware there are websites out there
that drop issues early before the actual
release dates but you got to ask
yourself do you actually believe they're
100% authentic or not i found this
article on soulcollector i'll put in the
description the article had a lot of
great points on whether or not you
should be trusting presale shoe sites or
not and you know i'm one of those people
that i don't support them just because
of the illegal aspect of it and also
there's just no guarantee of
authenticity I did fall for this one
time and and you know I didn't I didn't
really care for the product that they
sent me alright the last tip I have for
you guys number one is if the price of
the pickup is too good to be true it
probably is now this is not to be said
to discourage you guys from trying to
get bargains out there on ebay because
there are a lot of bargains that you can
find however when you're trying to go
for specific shoes like this shoe that
you can see right here the foamposite
chances are if you're paying two hundred
dollars on the resale market right now
for this shoe which is absolutely a
replica now the replicas of this shoe we
all know are not super great but if you
go to the easy tues it's a tough call
man if you try to find a pair of easy to
s and some of them are going for two to
eight hundred dollars or so you just
really don't know if it's actually
authentic or not and again this is
really for those people that are wanting
to buy authentic shoes and and then
being tricked into buying fake ones are
out there and i think that's that's the
part of the reasons why the fake shoes
out there are the most annoying part for
people like myself that I don't want
fixed in my collection I want to be able
to buy the legitimate shoes from
legitimate sellers but if
you get caught in the middle on a trade
or something and you get or you're given
a pair of authentic shoes away to
somebody or trading for a replica man I
think a lot of people have gotten burned
on this and leave a comment in the
section below let me know if you guys
have been burned buying or selling or
trading or whatever with with replicas
or not because it is really really
important to know the history of the
shoe before you end up trading and and
the integrity of the person you're
trading with because in this day and age
you really don't know what's what's
legit and what's not out there hopefully
this video was helpful to you guys and
subscribe you guys new to the channel
again leave comments let me know if you
guys have have any problems with
replicas also leave some tips that I did
not cover in this video for other people
to see and vote them up if you guys
think they're helpful I have a going
guys will catch you guys later please